# promethean.ai
Current manual control of spacecraft is resource consuming and communication travel time can inhibit a spacecraft’s ability to make time-sensitive decisions. To solve this problem we have created an artificial intelligence planning system to run onboard a variety of spacecraft. This planning system utilizes a task knowledge base to create a plan that allows a spacecraft to autonomously transition from its current state to a defined goal state. The input to this system is a problem-state file defined by a user friendly JSON planning language. The language is flexible enough to model any problem state and accommodate user-specified optimizations. The optimized plan is then executed in a simulation system that represents the theoretical state of the spacecraft. To demonstrate the value of the planning system in real world situations, the simulation system will inject perturbations into the execution of the plan. The planning system is not aware of these perturbations at any point in the planning process. The planning system will autonomously replan in real time to adapt to these perturbations, demonstrating its robustness and capability of handling unplanned disruptions. The automation of spaceflight is incredibly beneficial and this system serves as a stepping stone for translating these ideas from simulation systems to actual spacecraft. Every aspect of this system has been created with the computational limitations of actual spacecraft in mind. This system is optimized enough to run on any modern spacecraft’s onboard computers. 
